https://www.crowdflower.com/data-for-everyone/

Economic News Article Tone and Relevance
Contributors read snippets of news articles. They then noted if the article was relevant to the US economy and, if so, what the tone of the article was. Tone was judged on a 9 point scale (from 1 to 9, with 1 representing the most negativity). Dataset contains these judgments as well as the dates, source titles, and text. Dates range from 1951 to 2014.
https://www.crowdflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Full-Economic-News-DFE-839861.csv

Sentiment analyses of single words or short phrases
Contributors looked at four words or bigrams (bigrams are just word pairs) and ranked the most positive and most negative ones in each set. For example, they saw quartets like “nasty, failure, honored, females” and chose which word was the most positive and most negative. Interestingly, each set was graded by eight contributors instead of the usual three. Dataset contains all 3,523 rows, but has 28K judgments.
https://www.crowdflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/sentiment-words-DFE-785960.csv

First GOP debate sentiment analysis
We looked through tens of thousands of tweets about the early August GOP debate in Ohio and asked contributors to do both sentiment analysis and data categorization. Contributors were asked if the tweet was relevant, which candidate was mentioned, what subject was mentioned, and then what the sentiment was for a given tweet. We’ve removed the non-relevant messages from the uploaded dataset.
https://www.crowdflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/GOP_REL_ONLY.csv

Classification of political social media
Contributors looked at thousands of social media messages from US Senators and other American politicians to classify their content. Messages were broken down into audience (national or the tweeter’s constituency), bias (neutral/bipartisan, or biased/partisan), and finally tagged as the actual substance of the message itself (options ranged from informational, announcement of a media appearance, an attack on another candidate, etc.)
https://www.crowdflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/Political-media-DFE.csv

Progressive issues sentiment analysis
Contributors viewed tweets regarding a variety of left-leaning issues like legalization of abortion, feminism, Hillary Clinton, etc. They then classified if the tweets in question were for, against, or neutral on the issue (with an option for none of the above). After this, they further classified each statement as to whether they expressed a subjective opinion or gave facts.
https://www.crowdflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/progressive-tweet-sentiment.csv



Alignments:
Regulation	vs	Deregulation
68
You side moderately towards “Regulation”, meaning you believe the government should regulate business activity to ensure no one is taking advantage of the system. This theme is most important to you.

Left	vs	Right
90
You side extremely towards “Left”, meaning you very strongly support policies that promote social and economic equality. This theme is most important to you.

Religious	vs	Secular
84
You side strongly towards “Secular”, meaning you strongly support policies that reflect a separation of church and state. This theme is most important to you.

Small Government	vs	Big Government
100
You side extremely towards “Big Government”, meaning you very strongly believe the government should do more to address social inequality, corruption, and assistance for its citizens. This theme is more important to you.

Collectivism	vs	Individualism
88
You side strongly towards “Collectivism”, meaning you strongly believe policy should protect and support the best interests of all citizens. This theme is more important to you.

Traditional	vs	Progressive
92
You side extremely towards “Progressive”, meaning you very strongly believe we should be a nation that values personal freedom, expression, and diversity. This theme is more important to you.

Laissez-faire	vs	Keynesian
90
You side extremely towards “Keynesian”, meaning you very strongly believe the government should provide economic assistance to stabilize the economy. This theme is more important to you.

Multiculturalism	vs	Assimilation
50
You side moderately towards “Multiculturalism”, meaning you believe we should celebrate and embrace cultural diversity. This theme is more important to you.

Tough	vs	Tender
96
You side extremely towards “Tender”, meaning you very strongly believe in showing compassion, empathy, and rehabilitation for small-time criminals or those struggling with addiction. This theme is somewhat important to you.

Privacy	vs	Security
50
You side moderately towards “Privacy”, meaning you believe the government should not undermine the rights and privacy of its citizens under the guise of national security. This theme is somewhat important to you.

Politically Correct	vs	Politically Incorrect
24
You side slightly towards “Politically Correct”, meaning you more often believe we should not use language or behavior which could offend, marginalize, or insult those who are disadvantaged or discriminated against. This theme is somewhat important to you.

Libertarian	vs	Authoritarian
2
You are a centrist on Libertarian and Authoritarian issues. This theme is more important to you.